docs: document conditional execution via QUARTO_EXECUTE_INFO (#2043)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/authoring/cross-references-divs.qmd

@fig-scatterplot
````

{{< include _visibility-vs-execution.md >}}

> When the variation you need is broader than output format — for example, the same document rendered as a draft vs. a final, or for an internal vs. an external audience — [project profiles](/docs/projects/profiles.qmd) can set alternate metadata per profile that `.content-visible when-meta=...` reads. This gives you another axis for conditional content beyond `when-format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want visibility to depend on something beyond output format — for example, the same document rendered as a draft vs. a final version, or for an internal vs. an external audience — combine `.content-visible`/`.content-hidden` with the `when-meta` attribute.
You can then control visibility with values you set in your metadata, either in your document header, or via [project profiles](/docs/projects/profiles.qmd).
```
